23.4
some party, either in a tall building or on a boat. something goes wrong with the video projecting system. i somehow embarrass myself. i sleep with an acquaintance, who is being weird and pushy.

i’m at my place in my bedroom doing some repairs. they’re very complicated and require steady hands: i’m pulling out some parts with tweezers. my dad can’t stop pestering me, pushing me and talking very loudly about some bullshit. i try to get him to stop, but he never does until i stab him in the side with the tweezers and he promises to lay off for 10 minutes only.

i’m on the subway and i’m playing a game on my phone while sitting next to a friend who’s playing the same game. i glance over at her phone and notice some familiar enemies, so i mention that this level is hard and that she’s probably somewhere around my part in the game (which i’m slightly smug about). i look at my phone, where i’m playing level 64 or something, then look back at hers and notice, in shock, that she’s at some billion+ level. i feel bitter.

12.2
playing the piano, keys keep growing bigger and stretching out, i am forgetting how to play. my ex-best friend from high school is there, i look at her and her mannerisms and realize i still miss her

18.3
i am in an abandoned house and i remember being here before in some other dream or life. it has pale green walls, stairs with missing steps and missing stairs in two wings, overturned cupboards that you can sit on. it’s light outside. i remember being here with a date and having sex with him in this building on the dusty concrete floor, but i feel nothing about it. i’m here with two people: a middle-aged woman who looks like my middle school math teacher (buck teeth, stiff blonde curls, small eyes) and a ~40 year old man (don’t remember the face, but he is wearing a black blazer and shirt and a silver chain).

the man seems interested in the woman, but she is focused on talking to me and flirting (leaning too close, touching my arm). i smell her perfume and breath and i’m disgusted, but i keep talking to her, because i want to annoy the man. at several points, the man strolls over and intently stares at me from behind the woman’s back as i speak to her, saying nothing.

suddenly, a group of younger people appear, they look rough and have shaved heads, they seem drunk. i yell something in their direction and check the reaction of the pair. the two guys grab me by the arms and i try to fight back. another one walks over to me, i spill a drink into his face (somehow) and he winces and kicks me in the stomach. i try to scream for the man or the woman, but they walk away, with the man shrugging me off while staring me in the eye.

23.3
i’m in a room that looks like my ex’s living room with the furniture rearranged and with a long leather couch. it’s dark, but i can see things. i’m on the couch, someone dressed in a one-piece hazmat type white suit is laying next to me. the guy is crying and i touch his arm to comfort him, he hugs me tightly. i’m happy for a second, then i start second-guessing myself and my feelings and wondering whether he wants to sleep with me. he turns me over and stays on top of me, pinning me down with his body and not moving. i can barely see his face and it starts changing in weird ways - features meld together, at some point his face seems to melt and drip down somewhat, sometimes protrusions grow from it. i try to climb out from under him, then i realize i’m in a dream and try very hard to wake up, i am unable to wake up for quite a while and i start wondering whether i am dreaming at all. i wake up.
25.3
i’m graduating from school again, although in the dream i’m also already doing a Master’s degree. i’m in some park with my teacher and classmates. they’re cooking something, but i’m bitter and annoyed, so i sit in the distance and smoke cigarettes with a friend. i keep trying to nonchalantly mention that i’m not just some dumb high schooler and that i’m in university already. i’m upset at being so behind. we go to the grocery store to pick up food, but it has bizarre items like gallons of fake blood in the freezer, a material to make fake body parts, weird soggy fruit and cakes. we come back and watch everyone struggle with the food.

12.4
i go out on a date with some guy, he’s slender, small and blond, kind of weird in a way. i invite him to either stay over at my place or to move in with me (?). he moves in and his stuff takes up a lot of place in my house, which increasingly annoys me. one day as i’m leaving the place, i see a group of young people sitting outside, they’re all dressed in black and look very stylish, they all laugh at me as they see me with the guy, and one of them starts to mimic how i look when i try to show off with a cigarette (?). i realize i’ve been on a date with this guy and embarrassed myself before. i look at the girl next to him and think that she’s cool and i’d like to hang out with her. i have to leave with my weird friend and i’m bitter about probably never being accepted into the group. i spend the rest of the dream trying to kick the guy out of my place.
15.4
very fuzzy disconnected dreams. family members invading my privacy, walking around the apartment and talking loudly when i don’t want them there.
6.6
i’m in a kitchen that looks like a surrealist painting with slightly impossible geometry. the sky is painfully blue outside. something happens. then i decide to get my head cut off. i think that it’s gonna get me to some new level of awareness and is going to be a great experience (i think that i will live after it happens, although it’s unclear how). the people who are with me, unfortunately, just have a small serrated butter knife. they start sawing at my neck, which gives in like clay (blood still sprays everywhere), but it’s so slow. i’m sitting with my head of a plastic tablecloth and wishing they would just cut it off faster.\7.6
i’m in a store (could be a piano store?). my backpack gets stolen. i rush through the crowds at a train station to find it and suddenly tear it off someone’s back. there was something precious to me in there but i can’t remember it anymore and i keep digging through the backpack.
8.6
i’m in college, but could be high school? and i have friends there who are very much like my two real life friends. we kill a guy for something (?) and try to hide it from another friend and everyone else, making up excuses for where we went and what we did. there’s a lot of running around the school (looks like my former middle school) and whispering newly made excuses to each other, but i don’t feel guilty, just kind of excited, like a game of tag. finally, i switch into 3rd person and see the friend we were hiding from organize her collection of photos of letters cut out on people’s bodies.

11.6
weird huge hotel, wooden walls, colored panels, bustling with people. looks like a fancy shopping mall. i’m with someone, but i can’t remember who. they’re showing a movie, but the movie keeps getting mixed up with real life, with spy games and hide-and-seek. there’s a huge gas burner that i can’t seem to be able to control, and an apartment with so many shelves i can barely remember what’s there.
4.7
weird winding dream. wandering around yards with my ex, getting high. almost get mugged by some drunk guys, but we run away. we get stuck helping some girl carry her bike with huge holes in wheels home. i’m getting increasingly uncomfortable and feeling trapped around him, it’s hard to keep track of my things. i keep trying to get the good ending of the dream, instead i phase through the walls and end up outside somewhere. we get weed in a monastery, people watching us warily. it rains water and pollen, the sky is a very dark grey, the grass and trees almost uncomfortably bright green. i see sunlight from somewhere. i keep trying to get him to stop taking drugs and go the fuck home, i’m threatening to leave and go home by myself, but for some reason i don’t. there’s a “clean” path through the dream and some other kinds of dreams within this one, but i’m hopelessly lost and confused.
6.7
i am in some guy’s dorm room, he’s showing me around. he’s wearing black and has long-ish hair, slightly tan skin. i don’t remember his face. there’s an uncomfortable yellow light, it’s packed with objects. he’s vaguely unpleasant with me, but continues to hang out and show me things. for some reason, i am completely resigned to this and i have accepted my role in this relationship. he’s showing me something on his computer, but i’m barely interested. there’s a tension between us, but i don’t feel scared, more like resigned to whatever is going to happen and he seems to relish in taking in those final moments before something does. he tells me to go to the bathroom and appears behind me. i wake up.
16.7
very long dream (slept for 9 hours during the day). met my college crush who was trying to make out with me, except she had fruit candy stuffed everywhere in her clothes and her mouth tastes like extremely fake bubblegum. watching an arctic sunrise, smoking a cigarette. i‘m in a hotel, and some guy who was my lover in the past shows up and demand to see me, i try to tell him he’s not the only one and that i don’t want to see him anymore. light falls on his face and i can see he is very old and wrinkled and i’m disgusted with myself. i escape upstairs to some secret room but i’m paranoid that my suitcase will have a person in it, because that has happened before. i open it but it’s just clothes.
19.7
my mother tells me there’s a photographer friend who is gonna come take pictures of the apartment. i agree. a woman shows up, i see her standing outside my place on a huge tv screen that shows me everyone who has rang the doorbell. she brings a guy friend (this part isn’t clear), who turns out to be a famous photographer named Damien Hirst. he’s surprisingly calm and chill, calming me down too, and we spend some time talking about photography and life together. i tell my mother who he really is and how i liked spending time with him.
6.8
i was stalking my high school ex friend V who refused to communicate face to face and was talking to me via profile pictures. i got adopted into a strange family with a big house where everyone was hot and wore black. i went to a japanese store full of little weird items and shopped around.
22.8
i’m in someone’s country house in a village. there are big fat wires connecting everything and a boy i meet hates it and runs around cutting them up cheerfully, although he is then caught and has to keep his hands on his body to ground himself from electricity. some woman appears and i think she is about to yell at him, but she turns to those around and asks what his favorite food is and if we should cook it. i never see him again. i’m in the house now with some girls my age. i look at myself in the mirror sometimes and i’m huge, fat enough to not fit into doors. i don’t understand how that’s happening and i keep forgetting about my new size. i go to an art store to get a large tube of white paint but strangely enough i can’t find good paint, it all has weird labels (one has a donald trump brand). someone throws a tube of paint into the air in slowmo. i am in the house again, this time, i try to sneak out with a girl to smoke, i have three cigarettes in my hand. she leads me through the basement, telling me there’s no one around that way, but we end up at a funeral with loads of people. my maternal grandma is telling me that she hopes my paternal grandpa comes and draws people, so i tell her he’s dead. i think now it’s her funeral somehow and there’s a bad faceless drawing of her in a hijab that someone shows to me. then, i notice my mom’s old pictures among the displayed ones and i am devastated to see they didn’t even get the right information about her and wrote in some random made-up name for her favorite painter and composer. i wake up incredibly sad.
22.8
i’m in someone’s country house in a village. there are big fat wires connecting everything and a boy i meet hates it and runs around cutting them up cheerfully, although he is then caught and has to keep his hands on his body to ground himself from electricity. some woman appears and i think she is about to yell at him, but she turns to those around and asks what his favorite food is and if we should cook it. i never see him again. i’m in the house now with some girls my age. i look at myself in the mirror sometimes and i’m huge, fat enough to not fit into doors. i don’t understand how that’s happening and i keep forgetting about my new size. i go to an art store to get a large tube of white paint but strangely enough i can’t find good paint, it all has weird labels (one has a donald trump brand). someone throws a tube of paint into the air in slowmo. i am in the house again, this time, i try to sneak out with a girl to smoke, i have three cigarettes in my hand. she leads me through the basement, telling me there’s no one around that way, but we end up at a funeral with loads of people. my maternal grandma is telling me that she hopes my paternal grandpa comes and draws people, so i tell her he’s dead. i think now it’s her funeral somehow and there’s a bad faceless drawing of her in a hijab that someone shows to me. then, i notice my mom’s old pictures among the displayed ones and i am devastated to see they didn’t even get the right information about her and wrote in some random made-up name for her favorite painter and composer. i wake up incredibly sad.
04.09
i’m in new york and i went to a random party for children. my mom made a scene about something while in a taxi with me. the event has really weird vibes, the children are all weird and playing with adult items and everyone keeps asking me about alcohol. it’s held in a kindergarten, the walls and the carpet are green. some children tried talking to me. everyone is weird and oppressive. they kept trying to help me with something. then children were led into rooms. this little blond girl who has been trying to find me for some time ran up to me and grabbed my hand. she asked me to give her a musical note, so i named D. she started singing but the sound was weird and did not sound like a D to me. at the end of the dream, i am suddenly preoccupied about apartments and owning an apartment and renting it out etc.

i’m working in a lab, there’s a weather alert. the water floods into the lab, sometimes it’s up to my knees, sometimes up to my waist. my labmates were there too. some guy in a black mask over his head tried to grab my labmate from behind and i threw something at him. he started throwing cleavers at me and i somehow knew when he was going to throw them at my feet so that i could jump or at my head so i could duck, like in a video game.
07.09
a girl i don’t know is staying with me at my airbnb. we watch tv and play games, then she tries to kiss me but i’m not attracted to her at all. i gesture to my genitals as if to say “i don’t even have a dick” because i assume that fucking someone you don’t like with a dick would be easier than lesbian sex. she overhears me talking to people in spanish (?). she gets upset about me not sleeping with her.

at some point, my ex M is also there. he grabs me forcefully by the shoulders and is increasingly cruel to me, saying upsetting things about my appearance, my skin, my teeth. he talks about how he’s gonna fix them up to sleep with me.

i’m in a museum with hexagonal rooms and i’m looking for something or someone. there’s lots of objects, statues, paintings. i notice that an entire wing is dedicated to R’s ex gf and i’m slightly surprised by the amount of things but mostly i don’t feel anything.

10.09
overcast sky, european city. i’m hanging out there, living with my mom in a hotel, trying to smoke a cigarette before she sees. in no particular order: applying to school, filling in a “character qualification worksheet” (in the dream, i think S would be annoyed), i get an offer for a distance freelance office job maintaining a website but never work there, talk to someone i follow on Twitter but never interact with by first texting and then writing on giant bedsheets in red, i am awkward and kinda way too verbose in the conversation but i’m trying to get advice for applying to schools.
12.09
some kind of an art competition, two commentators are watching. i wander around and look at the paintings.

at some point i followed someone on instagram who makes incredible pointillism paintings and i felt very inspired by them.
13.09
i’m planning to get a tattoo and i agree to talk to a tattoo artist, but when i get to the shop, he is not there, even though the girls who are tell me he is. there’s two girls working there, one of whom i realize is an acquaintance of mine named N and another I don’t know. I look at more tattoos online and see examples of how the other girl fixed up tattoos and know that one of the images is tattooed on my ex’s ass (???) next to another shitty blurry image.

i’m in great britain and the names of streets and locations are weird. me and my mother are trying to get somewhere (to the zoo). i am intermittently alone and with her. we take a train or a bus, and while i’m on it i’m trying to figure out how to use the internet even though i don’t have data there. suddenly, we arrive to a station and i just follow everyone up and down these big spacious stairs. the station looks more like an upscale mall. there’s a crossroads: we can either take the stairs or the elevator. i go towards the elevator and seemingly we are stuck behind this glass now with no way back. the girl on the other side of the glass faints and her head bangs against the glass loudly. i ask her if she’s okay, seems like she is. the elevator isn’t working. suddenly a tall fat man in a trump cap shows up and tells us that the elephants are performing in 20 minutes so we need to get going. he tries climbing the glass fence, but now there’s a 5-6 story drop below somehow. my stomach drops, i tell my mom not to climb and the man echoes “yeah redhead don’t climb”. suddenly i ask if we can just go back the way we came and it seems like we can.

14.09
on vacation with someone, probably R, somewhere in Serbia, although it doesn’t look like it. I have a black and white scarf that i dye multiple colors (mostly yellow on one side). i meet an old high school friend in some weird tunnels where i have to avoid train tracks and climb around people. my mother is also there, but i don’t remember what she does.

15.09
castle/campground/airport-like place. i’m conspiring with someone about something, then i’m by myself.

taking part in some kind of entrepreneur competition, but mostly listening to other people. I show S something cool I made, she’s impressed.
20.09
I am in a flat that looks like my friends flat and there’s other people who live there. i argue with them about paying the bills by putting pieces of paper on the wall with my complaints written down and then they reply. M also lives there. i also scroll through my feed and i seem to follow someone who sleeps with a lot of people. in the end i throw a giant fit over them charging too much for the internet.
21.09
living in a house that looks like my cousin’s house with my family. feeling pointless. the house has a shit ton of rooms. my mom keeps trying to hire a maid but the maid was very slow and talked to her a lot even when she’s busy. my grandpa prescribed me some pills and i kept trying to discuss them with my mom. i see my little sister who is 3-4 years old but she is already trying to get into a pre-college program and is showing me her drawings and work even though i keep trying to tell her that when i was four i just slept and played around. there’s a party and i meet my former classmate who is into design and she helps me pick a mentor for my sister.
23.09
my friend asks to store something at my place, it turns out to be big bags of coke. they put them somewhere in my bathroom. another friend comes over and finds out and doesn’t like it, but i don’t care. i get progressively worried about police dogs finding it.

i’m in a bakery that serves pastries with an ant paste inside of them. i’m not disgusted and i try one, it tastes like a gritty caramel filling or like caramelized condensed milk.

my dad’s boss is with me, he’s in a brightly lit storeroom with me. he gets on top of me and presses me down with his weight and tries to grope me. i peck him on the lips quickly thinking that’s how i get him away from me, but it doesn’t help and i’m disgusted by his huge red face. i tell people about it afterwards and not many people care.
24.09
learning melodies from little cards.
28.09
me and my group of friends are arrested and we are made to watch a movie that looks like finding nemo. then we end up at a dance performance where girls bend down with their asses in front of our faces and i can see that there’s just a thin strip of fabric covering their genitals.

29.09
i’m very late to my piano lesson that is conducted by my therapist. i’m late because my taxi driver was taking strange turns through the city and i was supposed to be there by 3:30 but it is somehow 5:55. my mom was getting some kind of routine surgery, a mole removal or something, but her hospital bed sped up down the hall and crashed into a car. the family that was mad at me freaks out but they still seem angry. i am devastated and angry, but the feeling is familiar somehow.

13.10
hanging out with V at someone else’s apartment, there’s a woman there who seems like a nanny, i dislike her. there’s several dogs that i see there, like a very smart giant lab, and a small asian girl who seems smart but who constantly has snot on her face. S and A are doing a performance, I want to contribute photos to it so I prepare paper and film and ink. there’s another woman also minding the place now, i strongly dislike her too. i see that my paper is ruined with some mean and random things written on it and my new laptop is badly scratched (somehow it’s at a spot where there’s supposed to be a screen but there isn’t).

i accuse the second woman of messing with my plans and she reacts weirdly. two teenage boys show up and tease me, try to take away the film or my glasses. suddenly, one of them snatches my glasses and runs away. i scream for A to stop him but she doesn’t. i’m in a circle of people, AK is also there and they talk about how i’m not high cultured enough to help them with the performance and how they’re kind of glad i can’t now. I freak out and run to the library, throw things, throw up and collapse. the librarian tries to comfort me but she’s being a bit condescending.

12.11
I'm applying to a film school but also trying to finish a biology degree. Walking around Moscow, trying to get a pass to somewhere. I sleep with a guy who has a girlfriend (maybe more than one guy). Alice is there too. I walk through endless corridors.


17.12
I wake up in the dream and go to the bathroom and realise that my mouth and throat and nose are full of some thick brown substance that keeps falling out. i'm trying to cough it out and then my vision fills with flickering static like it does when i'm about to faint. 